I can't believe I'm getting my nails
done and you said it was gonna be fun
she kind of is also you said there were
gonna be other guys here there are no
other guys here there's a guy right over
there
that's a mailman that's our mailman
don't worry this doesn't make you any
less of a guy that does on I'd hate to
think what this woman was scratching
when this broke off hey you know who you
said nails like that
done yep hey what's up switch thing has
been driving me crazy so I turned it off
and checked every outlet now four of
them don't work which means one of them
has to be controlled by the switch so I
plugged in things then all four outlets
that make noise that way when I turn it
on I just follow the noise and find out
which one it is
I better stop this thing before you did
you know you you also could have used
lamps and then followed the light
yeah well I'm using noise all right so
everybody ready here we go
something here's something where is it
[Music]
coming from Joey my god that's so freaky
turn him
those back to England with the
center-field oh hey news I think I might
be raining just hold on a sec I'm
watching this rugby thing on ESPN I
don't what the big deal is I'm man
enough to play this sport dude you're
not even man enough to order the channel
that carries this for me Janice you know
you really didn't have to help me pack
oh well when you said all you were gonna
be doing between now and the time you
leave is packing you really didn't leave
me much choice did you well I thought I
did but I I guess I did not hey what's
going on
oh I'm packing you know I'm packing cuz
I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow thanks for
telling me
but when we pretend moving to Yemen okay
it's the only way I can get rid of her
and Yemen that actually sounds like a
real country
come on I'm going to show you how to
roll up your underwear and stuff in your
shoes it's a real space saver yeah no I
do that because it makes me look taller
okay Joey tree lives with me nope man
look at this Ross I can't believe you
said you play rugby I mean look how
brutal this is hey I can handle it
alright please for us you you got hurt
playing badminton with my dad that's
cause your mom's dog too look look right
here it's called a scrum okay it's kind
of like a huddle and there's a hum kind
of like a scrotal yes they're gonna kill
you anyway you should have seen the guy
that she used to go out with I mean he's
like Joe rugby
you're kidding any plays rugby
anyway she thought the very idea of me
playing rugby with him was like
hilarious so I'm gonna show her how
tough I really am I'm sorry I'm sorry
you're right you're right you are a
tough guy you're the toughest
paleontologist I know who else could
take care of himself so like he's
Chandler Thanks but don't worry about me
okay I'll just look real energetic and
stay away from the ball I'll be that guy
right outside the circle well maybe
there is a dog looking at him